Now let's go on to discuss the security between these contracts.
We've now created two contracts,
the data contract is assumed to be the controlling a contract,
that's where all the data is and that should
be the one that determines which contracts are allowed to call in.
If you recollect the diagram from earlier,
we have the arrow going from the app contract to the data contract.
Now what we want to do is ensure that
an arbitrary app contract that just knows
the interface for our data contract, can't call in.
So the way we're going to do that,
is by implementing a very simple pattern of registering and
or de-registering which contracts are authorized to call in.
Recollect that when the app contract is deployed to the block chain,
it will have an address,
the address to which it was deployed.
The pattern here calls for us to have the data contract be
informed of what the address is of the valid authorized app contract that was deployed.
Once we do that,
we essentially have this scenario where
the app contract is aware of where the data contract resides.
The data contract is unaware of where the app contract resides,
but it is aware of the address that it's authorized.
So he doesn't really know that represents the contract,
it's just a state variable where you've said,
this is the color that is authorized.
So that's what we're going to tackle in
our next exercise is we're going to add some code for handling that scenario.